README.rst, before:

Carrier Infinity Management
===========================

Carrier Infinity Management

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Cookiecutter%20Django-ff69b4.svg
     :target: https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-django/
     :alt: Built with Cookiecutter Django
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
     :target: https://github.com/ambv/black
     :alt: Black code style


:License: Apache Software License 2.0


Settings
--------

Moved to settings_.

.. _settings: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/settings.html

Basic Commands
--------------

Setting Up Your Users
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* To create a **normal user account**, just go to Sign Up and fill out the form. Once you submit it, you'll see a "Verify Your E-mail Address" page. Go to your console to see a simulated email verification message. Copy the link into your browser. Now the user's email should be verified and ready to go.

* To create an **superuser account**, use this command::

    $ python manage.py createsuperuser

For convenience, you can keep your normal user logged in on Chrome and your superuser logged in on Firefox (or similar), so that you can see how the site behaves for both kinds of users.

Type checks
^^^^^^^^^^^

Running type checks with mypy:

::

  $ mypy infinity_tracker

Test coverage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To run the tests, check your test coverage, and generate an HTML coverage report::

    $ coverage run -m pytest
    $ coverage html
    $ open htmlcov/index.html

Running tests with py.test
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

  $ pytest

Live reloading and Sass CSS compilation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Moved to `Live reloading and SASS compilation`_.

.. _`Live reloading and SASS compilation`: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/live-reloading-and-sass-compilation.html





Deployment
----------

The following details how to deploy this application.



Docker
^^^^^^

See detailed `cookiecutter-django Docker documentation`_.

.. _`cookiecutter-django Docker documentation`: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment-with-docker.html

Commit message:

doc: Switch to README.rst and update README.rst
Add badge for pre-commit

README.rst, after:

Carrier Infinity Management
===========================

Carrier Infinity Management

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/built%20with-Cookiecutter%20Django-ff69b4.svg
     :target: https://github.com/pydanny/cookiecutter-django/
     :alt: Built with Cookiecutter Django
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg
     :target: https://github.com/ambv/black
     :alt: Black code style
.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white
   :target: https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit
      :alt: pre-commit

Inspired by infinitude (https://github.com/nebulous/infinitude/). Please give them all credit for the idea.

Previously leveraged https://github.com/inaz2/proxy2

:License: Apache Software License 2.0


Settings
--------

Moved to settings_.

.. _settings: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/settings.html

Basic Commands
--------------

Setting Up Your Users
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* To create a **normal user account**, just go to Sign Up and fill out the form. Once you submit it, you'll see a "Verify Your E-mail Address" page. Go to your console to see a simulated email verification message. Copy the link into your browser. Now the user's email should be verified and ready to go.

* To create an **superuser account**, use this command::

    $ python manage.py createsuperuser

For convenience, you can keep your normal user logged in on Chrome and your superuser logged in on Firefox (or similar), so that you can see how the site behaves for both kinds of users.

Type checks
^^^^^^^^^^^

Running type checks with mypy:

::

  $ mypy infinity_tracker

Test coverage
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To run the tests, check your test coverage, and generate an HTML coverage report::

    $ coverage run -m pytest
    $ coverage html
    $ open htmlcov/index.html

Running tests with py.test
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

::

  $ pytest

Live reloading and Sass CSS compilation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Moved to `Live reloading and SASS compilation`_.

.. _`Live reloading and SASS compilation`: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/live-reloading-and-sass-compilation.html


Deployment
----------

The following details how to deploy this application.



Docker
^^^^^^

See detailed `cookiecutter-django Docker documentation`_.

.. _`cookiecutter-django Docker documentation`: http://cookiecutter-django.readthedocs.io/en/latest/deployment-with-docker.html
